37
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.- Leonardo Da Vinci
Those Aren't Mountains. They're Waves!- Cooper in "InterStellar" by Christopher Nolan
I'm an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone.- Saito in "Inception" by Christopher Nolan
What is real? How do you define real?- Morpheus in "The Matrix" by The Wachowskis
Dodge this.- Trinity in "The Matrix" by The Wachowskis
I hate this place. This zoo, this prison, this reality.- Agent Smith in "The Matrix" by The Wachowskis
I'm going to show them a world ... without rules or controls, borders or boundaries.- Neo in "The Matrix" by The Wachowskis
We're not here because we're free; we're here because we're not free.- Agent Smith in "The Matrix Reloaded" by The Wachowskis
The best thing about being me... there's so many of me.- Agent Smith in "The Matrix Reloaded" by The Wachowskis
Down here, I'm God.- The Trainman in "The Matrix Revolutions" by The Wachowskis
Everything that has a beginning has an end. I see the end coming.- The Oracle in "The Matrix Revolutions" by The Wachowskis
When some see 'coincidence', I see 'consequence'. When others see 'chance', I see 'cost'.— The Merovingian in "The Matrix Revolutions" by The Wachowskis
Do not go gentle into that good night; Old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.- Prof. Brand in "InterStellar" by Christopher Nolan
Love is the one thing that transcends time and space.- Dr. Brand in "InterStellar" by Christopher Nolan
Junk the ancient rules of thought, by which our predecessors fought.- Toby in "After the Dark" by John Huddles
Dare, and the world yields.- Captain Price, in "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3"
Maybe blasting this quadrant of space into a hellstorm of flaming nothingness will cheer me up a little.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
The wonderful thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.- Grace Murray Hopper
Everybody's a jerk. You, me, this jerk. That's my philosophy.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
You know what cheers me up? Other people's misfortune.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
I'm so embarrassed. I wish everyone else was dead!- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
I'm back baby.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
I never mean to hurt anyone, or help anyone.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
Compare your lives to mine, and then kill yourselves.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
Anything less than immortality is a complete waste of time.- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
The world must learn of our peaceful ways...BY FORCE!- Bender in "Futurama" by Matt Groening & David X. Cohen
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.– Mark Twain
...The answer...required a lesser mind, or perhaps a mind less bound by the parameters of perfection.- The Architect in "The Matrix Reloaded" by The Wachowskis
Don't think you are, know you are!- Morpheus in "The Matrix" by The Wachowskis
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.- T.S. Eliot
I think, therefore I am.- Descartes
There are bad days, and then, there are legendary bad days.- Riddick in "Riddick" by David Twohy
In other news, the Prime Minister of Sweden visited Washington today and my tiny little nipples went to France.- Evan Baxter in "Bruce Almighty" by Tom Shadyac
It's not possible. No, ... it's necessary.- Cooper in "InterStellar" by Christopher Nolan
Madness is like gravity...all it takes is a little push.- The Joker in "The Dark Knight" by Christopher Nolan
Why so serious?- The Joker in "The Dark Knight" by Christopher Nolan
